Microracers - TODO
------------------
http://microracers.sourceforge.net/

= Roadmap =

  Status and order of action for the coding of the new track model:
1. Improve INI parser to be able to iterate lists. [DONE]
2. First implementation where a lot of features are disabled. [DONE]
3. Make an algorithm for iterating objects in a given region. [DONE]
4. Re-implement disabled features. [DONE]
5. Make a track editor. [DONE]

  The track model transition has been completed. This doesn't mean no more
features will be implemented, just that the basic ones are there.

= Bugs =

 None has been reported.

= Features =

  For the 0.3 version, we plan to re-design the way tracks are handled
that should change a lot the game.
  Currently tracks are two big image, one having the track image to draw into the
screen and the other the information about terrain types, and a config file that
has the checkpoints. We plan to make tracks constituted of objects, ie. tracks will
be formed of individual small images that will be putted together from a yet to do
built-in track editor. Terrain type information is stored on those individual objects,
and checkpoints can be added with some special objects elements.

  The needed coding is not the harder part, but the graphical side. Though, this is
also what attracts me about it, since I want to learn skills on computer graphics.

  Advantages of this are various and include:
- since you focus on individual pieces and not on a big image, tracks can be made
more pretty.
- this will allow everyone making tracks with little effort which result in a lot
of tracks to play from.
- making a track isn't as time consuming and bug-prone, since you don't have to tell
the terrain type and checkpoints are easy to add.

  Other features that should be implemented:
- replace the vehicles by new ones, maybe having each one a character (animals?).
- switch to a higher resolution (probably 800x600). Maybe even making it resolution
independent by enlarging the view area. [DONE]
- Have To Stay On Screen game mode (like in Micromachines). This is particularly fun
for same seat multiplayer games.
- make menu a little better, with choices to toggle fullscreen and change keys.
- change vectorial TTF fonts to a raster format and add missing characters.
- vehicles should take some time to gain fullspeed to simulate gears.
- air vehicles should be on ground on slow speeds and take off when getting a higher speed.
